Rainfall, SIMPLE:
0. *Fix shore overflow*. -- HARD, delay
1. Wake all chunks topblock on load.
2. Verify that an out-of-range chunk does not lose queued updates -- think so.
3. Test mystcraft dims for sea level
4. Change flow to two-pass. Pass 1: determine how much flow out is wanted. Pass 2: scale it.
5. Eliminate diagonal flow.

(next alpha release)

-- Commands for setting all config values.
-- Commands start with rfo-
-- Rename mod to "RealisticFluids" internally
-- Rename config file

Serious improvement:
** NETHER IS TOO SLOW **. It is unacceptably slow.
-- see if treating nether lava as overworld water solves it.

(next alpha release)

Viscosity, surface tension:
1. Needs to test in a flat world, an 8 block trench.
2. Goal: Water is 8x1, lava is 4x2
3. Fluid reaches LEVEL, not hill.
NB: Current: The length is right, but there is a hill effect.
Does not actually level out.

Other:
Verify that flow does reach "Stable", and stops updating.

Features:
1. Save full fluid level data.
2. Save full list of blocks to tick

Improvements:
1. Per-world save files: flow state, sea level by dimensions.
Current: Single flow state in config file, sea levels auto-determined. Barely functional.
2. Prevent diagonal flow if both straight flows are blocked. Or: prevent diagonal flow period.
NB: Vanilla gives the appearance of diagonal flow, but actually does not.
3. When no players are online, process fluid in all loaded chunks.
Optionally: Process all loaded chunks even when players are online (warning: will be slow. Will probably be unplayably flow).

Rainfall, COMPLEX:
1. Implement some sort of absorption system for tiny puddles. (idea: if the fluid level is a tiny "leftover", it goes away).
2. Implement some sort of evaporation. (Would be used to clean up deep puddles left from rainfall. Will kill off surface lakes until the next rain.)
3. Rainfall in all biomes, all heights.

Other:
Still need some idea for nether rainfall.
Still need some idea for mystcraft ages/RfDims that have lava oceans.
Heck, could use some way to detect "no seas" ...